Performance demo updates (#1647)
hyperledger/aries-cloudagent-python: demo/README.md

A second version of the performance test can be run by adding the parameter `--routing` to the invocation above. The parameter triggers the example to run with Alice using a routing agent such that all messages pass through the routing agent between Alice and Faber. This is a good, simple example of how routing can be implemented with DIDComm agents.

You can also run the demo against a postgres database using the following:

```bash
./run_demo performance --arg-file demo/postgres-indy-args.yml
```

(Obvs you need to be running a postgres database - the command to start postgres is in the yml file provided above.)

> You can tweak the number of credentials issued using the `--cound` and --batch` prameters, and you can run against an askar database using the `--askar` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can tweak the number of credentials issued using the `--count` and `--batch` parameters, and you can run against an Askar database using the `--wallet-type askar` option.
```

Author: Nice catch thanks
